What the heck is going on?

Game Res: 768x1366

This pack includes:
	-All currently completed school backgrounds
	-Most house backgrounds
	-Two public backgrounds
	-Random temp GUI things

Gui Things:

Mini-map:
	I've included a "base" for the map, and then two variations of "Highlighted/Unlocked" locations.
	I included one that would be used for image maps and then individual ones to be used for image buttons. You can pick which one you want to use.

Directional arrows:
	I don't know if its less code heavy or easier to have one arrow and rotate it for each instance it appears, or to have pre-rotated arrows.
	There is an option for both. You can chose which tactic you want to use.
	I don't know how big the arrows are going to be on the screen, so if they look massive then you can scale them down.


Map instructions:

	When you are on the mini map, if you click the house smily face, it should take you to the background "house backgrounds/house.jpg"
	" ", if you click the 'School' (Big grey rectangle thing) it should take you to "school backgrounds/baseball.jpg"
	" ", if you click the 'Trees' it should take you to "public backgrounds/park.jpg" whatever.

Arrow instructions: (Bear with me)

	House backgrounds:
		"house.jpg"
			One NE arrow pointing in toward the door (Links with "kitchen.jpg")
			One E arrow on the far right centre of the screen pointing offscreen (Links with "street.jpg")
		"kitchen.jpg"
			One S arrow at bottom of screen centre pointing downward (links with "house.jpg") 
				(Also I don't know about the textbox, you should put all the 'bottom' arrows above the textbox I think.)
			One (Small?) NE arrow pointing to random entrance in kitchen.(links to bedroom.jpg)
		"bedroom.jpg"
			One SW arrow pointing toward bottom right corner of room (links to kitchen.jpg)

	Public backgrounds:
		"street.jpg"
			One S arrow pointing down at screen bottom (links to house.jpg)
			One NE or N arrow pointing down other end of read (Links to park.jpg)
			One W arrow with baseball in school.
		"park.jpg"
			One SW arrow bottom left corner links to street.jpg
			
	School backgrounds:
		"baseball.jpg"
			One arrow points in the door, links with "hallway2.jpg"
			One S arrow linking with street
		"hallway2.jpg"
			One arrow pointing to bathroom door. Links to "bathroom.jpg"
			one arrow pointing down another corridoor (E or W) links with hallway1
		"hallway1.jpg"
			One arrow pointing down stairs linsk with hallway2
			One arrow pointing anywherewhocares, linking to classroom
		"bathroom"
			One E arrow pointing at far right of screen linking to hallway2
		"classroom"
			One E arrow pointing at far right of screen linking to hallway1



Test "Quests" (Only try code these if you want to and/or have time.)

	1. A quest where you start at your bedroom and have to "Go to class"
		The person has to navigate from the bedroom to the classroom.
			Bonuses:
			If the person goes back the way they came or goes the wrong way, have the textbox say "Did I forget something?"
			or "I'm going the wrong way" 
			or when they are at the school (baseball onwards) if they go the wrong way or back the way they came "I'm going to be late to class!"


	2. A quest where it's the weekend and the 'school' location on the minimap is locked. 
		If the person explores via the street they can go to the baseball field but thats all, 
			if they try to go in the door to the school it says "it's locked because it's the weekend" or something.

	3. A quest where they are in school and need to go to the bathroom.
		The person starts in the classroom and has to navigate to the classroom. Both House and Public on minimap are locked.
			The person can go out to the baseball field but if they try and go to the street it's locked and a message says "I can't leave the school. it's classtime."
				(Pretty much oppisite of the last one) 
				(They win by going to the bathroom then going back to class)




Thanks for reading this massive info dump. My brain is too addled to go through the skype convo to find that guys minigame theory tonight. Maybe next time. 	
